# CreateModelOutputResponse

Represents the data structure of a method's request or response payload.

<div class="remarks">
A request model defines the data structure of the client-supplied request payload. A response model defines the data structure of the response payload returned by the back end. Although not required, models are useful for mapping payloads between the front end and back end.
A model is used for generating an API's SDK, validating the input request body, and creating a skeletal mapping template.
</div>
<div class="seeAlso">
Method, MethodResponse, <a href="https:​//docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/models-mappings.html">Models and Mappings
</div>

``` swift
public struct CreateModelOutputResponse: Swift.Equatable 
```

## Inheritance

`ClientRuntime.HttpResponseBinding`, `Swift.CustomDebugStringConvertible`, `Swift.Equatable`

## Initializers

### `init(httpResponse:decoder:)`

``` swift
public init (httpResponse: ClientRuntime.HttpResponse, decoder: ClientRuntime.ResponseDecoder? = nil) throws 
```

### `init(contentType:description:id:name:schema:)`

``` swift
public init (
        contentType: Swift.String? = nil,
        description: Swift.String? = nil,
        id: Swift.String? = nil,
        name: Swift.String? = nil,
        schema: Swift.String? = nil
    )
```

## Properties

### `debugDescription`

``` swift
public var debugDescription: Swift.String 
```

### `contentType`

The content-type for the model.

``` swift
public var contentType: Swift.String?
```

### `description`

The description of the model.

``` swift
public var description: Swift.String?
```

### `id`

The identifier for the model resource.

``` swift
public var id: Swift.String?
```

### `name`

The name of the model. Must be an alphanumeric string.

``` swift
public var name: Swift.String?
```

### `schema`

The schema for the model. For application/json models, this should be <a target="_blank" href="https:​//tools.ietf.org/html/draft-zyp-json-schema-04">JSON schema draft 4 model. Do not include "\*/" characters in the description of any properties because such "\*/" characters may be interpreted as the closing marker for comments in some languages, such as Java or JavaScript, causing the installation of your API's SDK generated by API Gateway to fail.

``` swift
public var schema: Swift.String?
```
