# PutMethodInput

Request to add a method to an existing Resource resource.

``` swift
public struct PutMethodInput: Swift.Equatable 
```

## Inheritance

`ClientRuntime.Reflection`, `Swift.CustomDebugStringConvertible`, `Swift.Encodable`, `Swift.Equatable`

## Initializers

### `init(apiKeyRequired:authorizationScopes:authorizationType:authorizerId:httpMethod:operationName:requestModels:requestParameters:requestValidatorId:resourceId:restApiId:)`

``` swift
public init (
        apiKeyRequired: Swift.Bool = false,
        authorizationScopes: [Swift.String]? = nil,
        authorizationType: Swift.String? = nil,
        authorizerId: Swift.String? = nil,
        httpMethod: Swift.String? = nil,
        operationName: Swift.String? = nil,
        requestModels: [Swift.String:Swift.String]? = nil,
        requestParameters: [Swift.String:Swift.Bool]? = nil,
        requestValidatorId: Swift.String? = nil,
        resourceId: Swift.String? = nil,
        restApiId: Swift.String? = nil
    )
```

## Properties

### `debugDescription`

``` swift
public var debugDescription: Swift.String 
```

### `apiKeyRequired`

Specifies whether the method required a valid ApiKey.

``` swift
public var apiKeyRequired: Swift.Bool
```

### `authorizationScopes`

A list of authorization scopes configured on the method. The scopes are used with a COGNITO\_USER\_POOLS authorizer to authorize the method invocation. The authorization works by matching the method scopes against the scopes parsed from the access token in the incoming request. The method invocation is authorized if any method scopes matches a claimed scope in the access token. Otherwise, the invocation is not authorized. When the method scope is configured, the client must provide an access token instead of an identity token for authorization purposes.

``` swift
public var authorizationScopes: [Swift.String]?
```

### `authorizationType`

\[Required\] The method's authorization type. Valid values are NONE for open access, AWS\_IAM for using AWS IAM permissions, CUSTOM for using a custom authorizer, or COGNITO\_USER\_POOLS for using a Cognito user pool.
This member is required.

``` swift
public var authorizationType: Swift.String?
```

### `authorizerId`

Specifies the identifier of an Authorizer to use on this Method, if the type is CUSTOM or COGNITO\_USER\_POOLS. The authorizer identifier is generated by API Gateway when you created the authorizer.

``` swift
public var authorizerId: Swift.String?
```

### `httpMethod`

\[Required\] Specifies the method request's HTTP method type.
This member is required.

``` swift
public var httpMethod: Swift.String?
```

### `operationName`

A human-friendly operation identifier for the method. For example, you can assign the operationName of ListPets for the GET /pets method in the PetStore example.

``` swift
public var operationName: Swift.String?
```

### `requestModels`

Specifies the Model resources used for the request's content type. Request models are represented as a key/value map, with a content type as the key and a Model name as the value.

``` swift
public var requestModels: [Swift.String:Swift.String]?
```

### `requestParameters`

A key-value map defining required or optional method request parameters that can be accepted by API Gateway. A key defines a method request parameter name matching the pattern of  method.request.{location}.{name}, where location is querystring, path, or header and name is a valid and unique parameter name. The value associated with the key is a Boolean flag indicating whether the parameter is required (true) or optional (false).  The method request parameter names defined here are available in Integration to be mapped to integration request parameters or body-mapping templates.

``` swift
public var requestParameters: [Swift.String:Swift.Bool]?
```

### `requestValidatorId`

The identifier of a RequestValidator for validating the method request.

``` swift
public var requestValidatorId: Swift.String?
```

### `resourceId`

\[Required\] The Resource identifier for the new Method resource.
This member is required.

``` swift
public var resourceId: Swift.String?
```

### `restApiId`

\[Required\] The string identifier of the associated RestApi.
This member is required.

``` swift
public var restApiId: Swift.String?
```

## Methods

### `encode(to:)`

``` swift
public func encode(to encoder: Swift.Encoder) throws 
```
