# UpdateDocumentationPartOutputResponse

A documentation part for a targeted API entity.

<div class="remarks">
A documentation part consists of a content map (properties) and a target (location). The target specifies an API entity to which the documentation content applies. The supported API entity types are API, AUTHORIZER, MODEL, RESOURCE, METHOD, PATH\_PARAMETER, QUERY\_PARAMETER, REQUEST\_HEADER, REQUEST\_BODY, RESPONSE, RESPONSE\_HEADER, and RESPONSE\_BODY. Valid location fields depend on the API entity type. All valid fields are not required.
The content map is a JSON string of API-specific key-value pairs. Although an API can use any shape for the content map, only the OpenAPI-compliant documentation fields will be injected into the associated API entity definition in the exported OpenAPI definition file.</div>
<div class="seeAlso">
<a href="https:​//docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-documenting-api.html">Documenting an API, DocumentationParts
</div>

``` swift
public struct UpdateDocumentationPartOutputResponse: Swift.Equatable 
```

## Inheritance

`ClientRuntime.HttpResponseBinding`, `Swift.CustomDebugStringConvertible`, `Swift.Equatable`

## Initializers

### `init(httpResponse:decoder:)`

``` swift
public init (httpResponse: ClientRuntime.HttpResponse, decoder: ClientRuntime.ResponseDecoder? = nil) throws 
```

### `init(id:location:properties:)`

``` swift
public init (
        id: Swift.String? = nil,
        location: ApiGatewayClientTypes.DocumentationPartLocation? = nil,
        properties: Swift.String? = nil
    )
```

## Properties

### `debugDescription`

``` swift
public var debugDescription: Swift.String 
```

### `id`

The DocumentationPart identifier, generated by API Gateway when the DocumentationPart is created.

``` swift
public var id: Swift.String?
```

### `location`

The location of the API entity to which the documentation applies. Valid fields depend on the targeted API entity type. All the valid location fields are not required. If not explicitly specified, a valid location field is treated as a wildcard and associated documentation content may be inherited by matching entities, unless overridden.

``` swift
public var location: ApiGatewayClientTypes.DocumentationPartLocation?
```

### `properties`

A content map of API-specific key-value pairs describing the targeted API entity. The map must be encoded as a JSON string, e.g., "{ "description":​ "The API does ..." }".  Only OpenAPI-compliant documentation-related fields from the <literal>properties</literal> map are exported and, hence, published as part of the API entity definitions, while the original documentation parts are exported in a OpenAPI extension of x-amazon-apigateway-documentation.

``` swift
public var properties: Swift.String?
```
